foundation: members (#196)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/foundation/members.md

---
sidebar: true
tagline: "Foundation"
description: "Information about the Bitcoin Dev Kit Foundation"
editLink: false
lastUpdated: false
---

# Members

> The Bitcoin Dev Kit project is proudly supported by a number of members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bitcoin Dev Kit project is proudly supported by the Bitcoin Dev Kit Foundation and its members.
```

Author: Updated.

<div style="text-align: left; margin-bottom: 2rem;">
  <a href="/foundation/become-a-member" style="display: inline-block; background-color: var(--docs-primary-dark); color: var(--docs-dark); padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 5px; font-weight: bold;">Become A Member</a>
</div>

## Platinum

<div class="members">
  <div class="row">
      <a href="https://spiral.xyz/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">

>           <img src="/img/spiral.svg" alt="Sponsor Spiral">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <img src="/img/spiral.svg" alt="Spiral">
```

Author: Good catch, updated.

          Spiral
      </a>
  </div>
</div>
<br>

## Gold

<div class="members">
  <div class="row">
      <a href="https://opensats.org/"  target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">
        <img src="/img/opensats.png" alt="OpenSats">
        OpenSats
      </a>
  </div>
</div>
<br>

## Silver

<div class="members">
  <div class="row">
      <a href="https://spiral.xyz/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">
          <img src="/img/spiral.svg" alt="Sponsor Spiral">
          Spiral
      </a>
      <a href="https://opensats.org/"  target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">
        <img src="/img/opensats.png" alt="OpenSats">
        OpenSats

>       </a>

Reviewer: These are already listed a platinum and gold so shouldn't be listed under silver. I suspect you just put these here to test the formatting. I do like how it looks running horizontally.

Author: Updated.
